(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc V."
You're going down,
just like the Topsiders.
(thinking)
I have to win this
and unite the people
of this world.
Just like Zuzu
tried to do.
I summon Tuning Magician
in Defense Mode.
(giggling)
(thinking)
I wonder how that card found
its way into Yuya's deck.
But more importantly,
I wonder if he even knows
how to use it.
Hama the Conquering Bow,
attack and destroy
his Magician!
I Synchro Summon!
Enlightenment
Paladin!
Huh?
Paladin, take out
Hama the Conquering Bow!
(booming)
When it destroys
a monster in battle,
you take damage equal
to your monster's attack points.
Aah!
In what's gotta
be the greatest
come‐from‐behind
victory I ever saw,
Yuya crushes it!
Perhaps this pawn will prove
useful after all.
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
After withstanding wave after
wave of wicked wasp attacks,
Yuya Sakaki managed
to lasso a victory
from Shinji Weber,
and now the winner's
headed back to the pits!
Hey, Yuya!
No time, Sam.
(man)
You topped that Common!
(second man)
...even for someone like you.
You sent him to the Underground
where he belongs.
...troublemaking Common...
You shut him up
and shut his rebellion down!
This is Yuya's fault!
Shinji's a Common
like we are.
He was fighting
so that we could be free,
but now, thanks to Yuya,
he's going away forever.
Yuya ain't with us!
I betcha he's working
for the Topsiders.
(man)
You don't wanna help us!
(second man)
You must be one of 'em!
No, you got it all wrong,
I swear!
Just hold them horses.
Look, y'all may not wanna
warm up to the winner
of this here duel,
but it was a humdinger
of a match!
So, Topsiders and Commons,
in the spirit
of the Friendship Cup,
let's come together as one
and give our winner
a hearty round of applause.
Bravo, Yuya.
I say, you're tops
in my book, Yuya.
Topsider!
You're a zero!
Well done, Yuya!
You make me sick!
How much are they payin' ya?
Hope it was worth it!
(thinking)
All I wanted
was to win the duel
and win over
the crowd.
But winning made
everything worse.
Now, instead of bringing
people together,
I drove the Topsiders and
Commons even farther apart.
I gotta fix this.
But maybe Jack was right.
Maybe I don't have
what it takes.
It's over.
Ugh?
(clapping)
Why is Roget here?
Well, I'll be!
Looks like Yuya has
a new number‐one fan!
The director of security
himself.
Splendid work, Yuya.
You've demonstrated
admirable dexterity.
The way you boldly
transitioned from
Pendulum
to Synchro Summoning
actually made me gasp with
excitement and appreciation.
I knew it wasn't a mistake
to keep my eye on you.
When you take down
these rabble‐rousers
like that lowly
Common, Shinji,
it makes my job
at Sector Security
that much easier.
And I and all of the Tops
thank you for that.
I don't know how we can
ever pay you back,
but I'm sure as friends,
we can find a way.
Uh?
I see what's going on.
You and Roget are
buddy‐buddy.
You little rat!
You're in Roget's pocket!
You were working for security
the whole time!
I could never figure
outwhy you were the one
who got pickedto
duel Jack.
Now I know‐‐it's because
you and the Topsidersare
working together!
That's not true!
(all gasping)
Folks, it sounds
like Shinji's saying
Yuya and Roget are
in cahoots!
This turn of events has
"scandal" written all over it.
And that can't be good
for the Friendship Cup.
You gotta believe me!
Why would I work with
someone who locked me up?
I'd never
double‐cross you!
I've always had your back,
and I always will!
(man)
Save it,
you two‐faced liar!
How does someone duel
the Master of Faster,
lose to him, and then
get to keep dueling
when all the other losers
are sent underground
to pick up trash for
the rest of their lives?
Don't sound right to me!
(gruff man)
When you're buddy‐buddy
with security,
anything's possible.
(shrill man)
So what was it, Yuya?
Security promise
they wouldn't
send you underground
if you lose?
You're working for them,
aren't you?
You lied to us,
all of us!
You know
that can't be true!
I'd never go
behind a friend's‐‐
Of course,
it isn't true.
No one's working
for anyone, right?
I chose Yuya
to battle Jack
because I recognized
his potential.
What's that
supposed to mean?
It's clear Yuya has
special gifts.
When this young man demonstrated
his Pendulum Summoning,
an ability we previously
knew nothing about,
I felt it was
important to discover
just how powerful
it actually was.
So, to find out,
I pitted him against Jack Atlas,
our city's top duelist.
As you know, despite
Yuya's considerable skills,
Jack won.
But as a result
of that duel,
my faith in Yuya Sakaki
and his formidable
talent has grown.
And continues to.
His ability improves
with every battle.
You all witnessed him
successfully Synchro Summon
after Pendulum
Summoning,
proving he continues to evolve
and grow as a duelist.
(cheering and applause)
Listen, Yuya.
They are the ones
who share my belief in you.
And I know they share
my wish for you.
We want you to win
the Friendship Cup
and face Jack Atlas
once more.
Smile for the cameras,
superstar.
Hey, wait a minute here,
I don't wanna‐‐
(reporter)
So, highlighting
the latest developments,
the newcomer
Yuya Sakaki has won
a dramatic,
come‐from‐behind victory
over Common
Shinji Weber.
And, as you just heard‐‐
Why is Roget
being so nice?
It certainly
makes you wonder.
It's as if he wants
something from the boy.
Roget is trying
to sway his allegiance.
Yuya is not one to be easily
fooled, though.
His loyalty lies
with the Lancers.
Wait a sec‐‐ don't you
wanna hear from me, too?
(thinking)
Yuya? Working
for the Topsiders?
It can't be true!
I thought we were
on the same team.
I'm so stupid.
I never should've
told him about Jack.
Never should've
trusted him.
given him that card.
If I could go back,
I would.
I'd take that card
and just tear it up
and never talk to Yuya.
Wish I never met him.
He lied to me
and pretended
to be my friend.
But he's no better than
Jack‐‐ he's the worst!
(growling)
Save your praise.
I‐‐ huh?
All this yapping
you're doing
is making me sick!
You think Yuya's amazing.
Well, I think it's amazing
how you fixed the duel
so he'd win.
That's not true!
Burn my biscuits!
Shinji's on
the warpath again!
He's convinced
that Director Roget's
up to some dirty
duel dealings!
As New Domino City's
number one
investigative reporter,
I'll get the inside scoop
for all you
valued viewers out there!
Let's hustle it up!
Shinji, if I'm guilty
of fixing duels,
you therefore must be
a full‐fledged traitor.
And how's that?
It simply
stands to reason.
If you say the match
with Yuya is fixed,
well, that means
you threw the duel.
Did you lose
on purpose, Shinji?
Was your rebellion
all a lie?
Are you the traitor
to all the commons?
We both know very well
you aren't a traitor, Shinji.
You just can't face the fact
that you are a loser.
And a sore one,
at that.
When I get my hands on you,
you'll be the one who's sore.
Remove him.
There's only one place
garbage belongs.
Underground.
Ugh! Let me go!
This isn't over, Roget!
And you're
the traitor, Yuya!
(straining)
Shinji! I didn't
want this to happen!
You'll pay for this!
I never trusted you
from the start!
That's what I always told Crow,
and now he knows for sure!
Shinji, I'm gonna do
whatever it takes
to make this right.
I never let
my friends down.
Never, and I'm not
starting now.
Hey, let me go!
You don't understand,
I gotta find my friend!
She could be hurt
really badly!
You heard
what he said.
Hurry! Let's get
the lowdown on Yuya!
Ah‐buh‐huh?
Golly, I reckon
our lowdown just
high‐tailed it
out of here.
Roget just let Yuya go?
That proves that they're
totally working together!
(thinking)
I know it's a big city,
but I'm gonna find you, Zuzu.
And I know exactly
who's gonna help me do it.
I just hope Sora's playing
for the good guys again.
This is where
I saw Sora during my duel.
He's gotta be here.
Hey! Sora!
It's me, Yuya!
Come on out!
Enough with
the hiding, Sora.
Where are you?
(thinking)
Tsk, tsk, Yuya.
I wish you had eyes
on the back of your head.
Then you'd realize that
you were being followed.
Sora!
Come on out!
I need your help!
Sora!
(thinking)Seriously, Sora,
enough is enough.
You gotta be near here‐‐
aah!
Finally.
Shh!
They're tailing you.
Come on.
Stick to the shadows.
Where's Zuzu?
Is she here?
Is she all right?
Keep your voice down!
You found her helmet.
Did you find
the rest of her?
Less talk,
more walk.
(panting)
Zuzu's okay.
So just chill.
I got her tucked away
safe and sound.
So no need to lose
your cool or anything.
Boy,
that's a relief.
I'm so glad
you found her.
Thanks, Sora.
I owe you big‐time.
But you know I...
I gotta admit,
I can't believe
you're actually here.
I was worried that
I'd never see you again.
Yeah, about that...
You know...
I was kind of worried
seeing you again, Yuya.
It's not like we parted
on the best of terms.
Uh‐huh, I remember.
But I'm back, and...
I'm here to tell you that
nothing will ever be the same.
Last time we talked,
you said some scary stuff
like dueling's about
crushing your enemy.
Yeah, I did.
Because that's
what Duel Academy taught me.
To use force.
To conquer dimensions
by any means.
So then, if you're here,
does that mean Duel Academy's
gonna attack this dimension?
That's not right.
Are you going
to let them capture Zuzu?
Uhh‐‐ Zuzu ain't
going anywhere.
Well, they have done
stuff like this before.
Dennis captured
Shay's sister, Lulu.
Zuzu ain't
going anywhere.
Not on my watch.
I've been looking
everywhere for Zuzu.
And now that
I finally found her,
I'll do anything
to keep her safe.
Keep her safe?
That's right.
You see, I was
out to capture Selene.
When she showed up
with your friends,
I knew Zuzu might be
in trouble.
There wasn't
any time to waste.
So I high‐tailed it
out of there
as fast as I could.
I knew it wasn't
cool to do,
but I had no choice.
When I got back
to Duel Academy,
I started searching
right away.
I know the place like
the back of my hand,
so I knew
I could find her.
I'm quick and quiet,
so getting around unseen
wouldn't be too hard.
I looked everywhere.
Inside, outside,
but still no Zuzu.
I was running
out of places to look,
and that's when
I heard the Professor.
(Professor)
So you failed
to capture Zuzu?
Disappointment does not
do justice to how I feel.
That's when
I found out the truth.
The Professor didn't
just want Celina.
He wanted Zuzu too.
But I don't understand.
What's the Professor
trying to do?
And what does he want
with Celina and Zuzu
and all the others?
Look, I'm not gonna
drop it just because
you're giving me
the silent treatment.
I already told you
everything I know.
They told me our mission
was to bring Celina back.
Duel Academy taught me
to follow orders,
not question them.
I never asked.
It wouldn't've
made any difference
if I did know.
We have to obey
the Professor's orders,
no matter what.
That's the Duel Academy rule.
Once I knew Zuzu
wasn't at Duel Academy,
I went back
to your dimension
to complete my mission
to get Celina
and hopefully
find Zuzu, too.
But when I got there,
it was too late.
I learned that
Celina and you Lancers
left for
another dimension.
So you came to Synchro
looking for us?
Yeah, when I heard
about the Friendship Cup,
I figured I would
find you there.
And that's when I heard
Dennis spill the beans
about being from Fusion.
His cover was blown.
So I sent him back
to Duel Academy.
Back to Duel Academy?
But Dennis will tell them
that Zuzu and Celina are here.
All I did was rip
the band‐aid off.
Huh?
It's time
to face facts, Yuya.
Obelisk Force
will be here soon.
And they're coming
for Celina and Zuzu.
Stopping them is
going to be
next to impossible.
They've already failed
the Professor once.
They're not gonna
risk his wrath again.
They won't stop
till Zuzu is theirs.
But I'm willing
to disobey the Professor
because Zuzu's my friend.
I know that she would
do anything for me,
so I'm gonna do anything
and everything in my power
to keep Zuzu
out of their hands.
You're serious?
Zuzu is my...
my bestest bud.
At Duel Academy,
I had classmates,
but I don't know
if I had any friends.
There was
no time for that.
If you wanted to be
the best of the best,
you had to be cold
and calculating,
and I was.
But then when
I met you and Zuzu,
I felt like I finally
had my first real friends.
Sora...
That's why I can't
let them get her.
I won't
let them get her!
Because once Zuzu's
locked up in Duel Academy,
no one ever escapes.
I've got it
all figured out, Yuya.
I have Zuzu
in a safe place.
All you have to do
is go get Celina
and bring her to me.
Sora,
why would I do that?
So that we can
make a trade.
You hand Celina
over to me,
then you take
Zuzu back home.
I can't just
abandon Celina.
What's the big deal?
Look, Yuya,
Duel Academy's
where Celina
originally came from,
and I'm just bringing her
to where she belongs.
No, I'm not doing it, Sora.
I'm not letting
anybody go there.
Not Celina, not Zuzu,
and I'm gonna get
Lulu out of there too!
(over radio)The Professor's not
getting his way!
My, my, my.
How very interesting.
So Duel Academy is
about to attack this city,
and I have no doubt
they'll send Yuri.
And wherever Yuri goes,
incalculable
destruction follows.
I want Yuya
and the boy with him
brought to me
immediately.
I will interrogate
them both myself.
They will lead us
straight to Zuzu.
Or suffer
the consequences.
You have to face
the facts, Yuya.
I didn't want
to involve Celina,
but there's no other way
to save Zuzu.
Get her out now.
Obelisk Force is coming,
and they'll tear this place
apart till they find her.
And if I take
Zuzu back home,
Obelisk Force is gonna
come looking for her there.
That means they'll tear
my home apart, too.
And all my friends
could get hurt.
I'm not gonna
let that happen.
If you don't
want that to happen,
let me take Celina back
and talk to the Professor.
Do you really believe
he'll listen to anything
you or anybody else
has to say?
Uh...
Duel Academy's
gotta be defeated.
And if you join us,
I know we can stop them.
It's the only way
we can keep everyone safe.
Uh?
Look out!
Yuya!
Get out of here!
Take care
of Zuzu for me!
I'm counting on you, Sora.
This is so weird.
Where am I?
The last thing
I remember,
I was dueling.
Then... nothing,
it's a total blank.
Are you okay?
Hey, look,
it's the girl
who wiped out
in the Friendship Cup.
(gasping)
Wow, you look
pretty good for someone
who destroyed a skyscraper,
blew up a runner,
and fell
about 40 stories.
It was that bad, huh?
(Terron)
No, it was way worse.
So then...
I guess
it's safe to assume
I didn't win the duel, huh?
Yeah,
it's pretty safe.
So, like,
when you were backstage,
did you run
into Crow or Yuya?
Huh?
You guys know Yuya?
You betcha‐‐
we're B. F. F.'s!
He stayed with us
and Crow.
He snored a lot.
Oh, wait, maybe it was
that other girl.
She made the roof shake.
Kept us up all night.
But it wasn't
too bad.
So, like, was it super‐cool
being in the Friendship Cup
and dueling in front
of millions of people?
I guess it was okay.
Until I got blasted
off the track
and lost my duel.
(Frankie)
Come on, guys,
we gotta hurry.
You don't wanna miss the start
of Crow's next duel, do you?
So, hey, you wanna come
with us and cheer for Crow?
Well, I...
The only thing is
we can't go see him
at the Duel Palace 'cause
we kinda got kicked out
by security last time
we sneaked in.
But don't you
worry about that.
We have our own secret place
to see the duels from.
Yeah, and it's a place
where security can't find us.
Come on!
Let's go!
Slow down!
Last time I went this fast,
I nearly took
a building down.
(thinking)
If Shinji's right,
then Yuya is a traitor.
So that means all the Lancers
are traitors,
including
my next opponent.
I've gotta take them down
one by one.
And then I'll take down
the ultimate traitor.
Jack Atlas.
(thinking)
Dennis can't be
the only one.
There must be others
from Duel Academy
that've infiltrated
this dimension.
I can't trust anybody.
I have to treat them all
like the enemy.
(Melissa)
Settle into your saddles,
Duel fans!
The third match
of the day‐‐
Crow Hogan versus
Shay Obsidian‐‐
is about to begin!
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪